ash-alias/alias.tests: ok
ash-arith/arith-bash1.tests: ok
ash-arith/arith.tests: ok
ash-glob/glob1.tests: ok
ash-glob/glob2.tests: fail
ash-glob/glob3.tests: ok
ash-glob/glob_and_assign.tests: ok
ash-glob/glob_dir.tests: ok
ash-glob/glob_redir.tests: ok
ash-heredoc/heredoc.tests: ok
ash-heredoc/heredoc1.tests: ok
ash-heredoc/heredoc2.tests: ok
ash-heredoc/heredoc3.tests: ok
ash-heredoc/heredoc4.tests: ok
ash-heredoc/heredoc5.tests: ok
ash-heredoc/heredoc6.tests: ok
ash-heredoc/heredoc7.tests: ok
ash-heredoc/heredoc_huge.tests: ok
ash-invert/invert.tests: ok
ash-misc/and-or.tests: ok
ash-misc/assignment1.tests: ok
ash-misc/assignment3.tests: ok
ash-misc/assignment4.tests: ok
ash-misc/break1.tests: ok
ash-misc/break2.tests: ok
ash-misc/break3.tests: ok
ash-misc/break4.tests: ok
ash-misc/break5.tests: ok
ash-misc/builtin1.tests: ok
ash-misc/case1.tests: ok
ash-misc/colon.tests: ok
ash-misc/command.tests: ok
ash-misc/command2.tests: ok
ash-misc/compound.tests: ok
ash-misc/continue1.tests: ok
ash-misc/continue2.tests: ok
ash-misc/continue3.tests: ok
ash-misc/echo_write_error.tests: ok
ash-misc/empty_for.tests: ok
ash-misc/empty_for2.tests: ok
ash-misc/errexit1.tests: ok
ash-misc/eval1.tests: ok
ash-misc/eval2.tests: ok
ash-misc/exec.tests: ok
ash-misc/exit1.tests: ok
ash-misc/exitcode1.tests: ok
ash-misc/exitcode2.tests: ok
ash-misc/exitcode_EACCES.tests: ok
ash-misc/exitcode_ENOENT.tests: ok
ash-misc/for.tests: ok
ash-misc/for_with_bslashes.tests: ok
ash-misc/for_with_keywords.tests: ok
ash-misc/func1.tests: ok
ash-misc/func2.tests: ok
ash-misc/func3.tests: ok
ash-misc/func4.tests: ok
ash-misc/func5.tests: ok
ash-misc/func6.tests: ok
ash-misc/func_args1.tests: ok
ash-misc/func_bash1.tests: ok
ash-misc/func_local1.tests: ok
ash-misc/func_local2.tests: ok
ash-misc/group_in_braces.tests: ok
ash-misc/if_false_exitcode.tests: ok
ash-misc/last_amp.tests: ok
ash-misc/local1.tests: ok
ash-misc/local2.tests: ok
ash-misc/nommu1.tests: ok
ash-misc/nommu2.tests: ok
ash-misc/nommu3.tests: ok
ash-misc/nulltick1.tests: ok
ash-misc/opts1.tests: ok
ash-misc/pid.tests: ok
ash-misc/pipefail.tests: ok
ash-misc/read.tests: ok
ash-misc/return1.tests: ok
ash-misc/shift.tests: ok
ash-misc/shift1.tests: ok
ash-misc/sigint1.tests: ok
ash-misc/source1.tests: ok
ash-misc/source2.tests: ok
ash-misc/source3.tests: ok
ash-misc/source5.tests: ok
ash-misc/source_argv_and_shift.tests: ok
ash-misc/tickquote1.tests: ok
ash-misc/unicode1.tests: ok
ash-misc/until1.tests: ok
ash-misc/wait4.tests: ok
ash-misc/wait5.tests: ok
ash-misc/while1.tests: ok
ash-misc/while2.tests: ok
ash-misc/while4.tests: ok
ash-misc/while_in_subshell.tests: ok
ash-quoting/dollar_repl_slash_bash1.tests: ok
ash-quoting/dollar_squote_bash1.tests: ok
ash-quoting/dollar_squote_bash2.tests: ok
ash-read/read_REPLY.tests: ok
ash-read/read_SIGCHLD.tests: ok
ash-read/read_ifs.tests: ok
ash-read/read_n.tests: ok
ash-read/read_r.tests: ok
ash-read/read_t.tests: ok
ash-redir/redir.tests: ok
ash-redir/redir1.tests: ok
ash-redir/redir2.tests: ok
ash-redir/redir3.tests: ok
ash-redir/redir4.tests: ok
ash-redir/redir5.tests: ok
ash-redir/redir6.tests: ok
ash-redir/redir7.tests: ok
ash-redir/redir8.tests: ok
ash-redir/redir9.tests: ok
ash-redir/redirA.tests: ok
ash-redir/redir_escapednum.tests: ok
ash-redir/redir_expand.tests: ok
ash-redir/redir_leak.tests: ok
ash-redir/redir_multi.tests: ok
ash-redir/redir_script.tests: ok
ash-redir/redir_space.tests: ok
ash-signals/continue_and_trap1.tests: ok
ash-signals/reap1.tests: ok
ash-signals/return_in_trap1.tests: ok
ash-signals/save-ret.tests: ok
ash-signals/savetrap.tests: ok
ash-signals/sigint1.tests: ok
ash-signals/signal1.tests: ok
ash-signals/signal2.tests: ok
ash-signals/signal3.tests: ok
ash-signals/signal4.tests: ok
ash-signals/signal5.tests: ok
ash-signals/signal6.tests: ok
ash-signals/signal7.tests: ok
ash-signals/signal8.tests: ok
ash-signals/signal9.tests: ok
ash-signals/sigquit_exec.tests: ok
ash-standalone/noexec_gets_no_env.tests: ok
ash-standalone/nofork_trashes_getopt.tests: ok
ash-standalone/var_standalone1.tests: ok
ash-vars/empty.tests: ok
ash-vars/glob_and_vars.tests: ok
ash-vars/param_expand_len.tests: ok
ash-vars/param_glob.tests: ok
ash-vars/param_subshell.tests: ok
ash-vars/readonly1.tests: fail
ash-vars/star.tests: ok
ash-vars/var-do-not-collapse-arithmetic-expansion-at-parse-time.tests: ok
ash-vars/var-do-not-expand-tilde-in-parameter-expansion-in-quotes.tests: ok
ash-vars/var-do-not-quote-backslashes-in-parameter-expansions-outside-quotes.tests: ok
ash-vars/var-expand-tilde-in-parameter-expansion.tests: ok
ash-vars/var-pattern-replacement-in-parameter-expansion-1.tests: ok
ash-vars/var-pattern-replacement-in-parameter-expansion-2.tests: ok
ash-vars/var-pattern-replacement-in-parameter-expansion-3.tests: ok
ash-vars/var-pattern-replacement-in-parameter-expansion-4.tests: ok
ash-vars/var-pattern-replacement-in-parameter-expansion-5.tests: ok
ash-vars/var-runtime-quote-detection.tests: ok
ash-vars/var-utf8-length.tests: ok
ash-vars/var1.tests: ok
ash-vars/var2.tests: ok
ash-vars/var3.tests: ok
ash-vars/var4.tests: ok
ash-vars/var5.tests: ok
ash-vars/var_bash1.tests: ok
ash-vars/var_bash1a.tests: ok
ash-vars/var_bash2.tests: ok
ash-vars/var_bash3.tests: ok
ash-vars/var_bash4.tests: ok
ash-vars/var_bash5.tests: fail
ash-vars/var_expand_in_assign.tests: ok
ash-vars/var_expand_in_redir.tests: ok
ash-vars/var_expand_on_ifs.tests: ok
ash-vars/var_in_pipes.tests: ok
ash-vars/var_leak.tests: ok
ash-vars/var_leaks.tests: ok
ash-vars/var_posix1.tests: ok
ash-vars/var_serial.tests: ok
ash-vars/var_subst_in_for.tests: ok
ash-vars/var_unbackslash.tests: ok
ash-vars/var_unbackslash1.tests: ok
ash-vars/var_wordsplit_ifs1.tests: ok
ash-vars/var_wordsplit_ifs2.tests: ok
ash-vars/var_wordsplit_ifs3.tests: ok
